i think
we're here to live we're here to learn
you know we're not here to be perfect
we're supposed to embrace all our
imperfections
and i think if we find and can imagine
the bright side
in anything
that will become a reality
but you can't think anything's going to
be given to you other than opportunity
and the only way to show appreciation
for opportunity is to react
not to say thank you but to actually do
something
[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
our goal with this show and company is
to introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams
all right today's guest is one of the
most legendary figures in the world of
hip-hop he co-founded the seminal label
rockefeller records and his aggressive
street-wise approach helped turn the
company into an unstoppable juggernaut
that put out no less than nine number
one albums his storied eye for talent
helped him launch or shape the careers
of some of the most enduring artists on
the planet including jay-z kanye west
kevin hart lee daniels cam'ron beanie
siegel and countless others his midas
touch with talent saw him name by
complex as one of the 25 greatest a r
people in the history of hip-hop in
addition to his unprecedented string of
successes and music he also founded a
litany of other high-profile companies
including rockaware which at its height
was doing more than 500 million dollars
in revenue and the rachel roy apparel
line which has been worn by everyone
from michelle obama to kim kardashian
he's also an accomplished
multi-hyphenate in film and tv having
financed directed produced or starred in
such films as shadow boxer honor up the
woodsman starring kevin bacon kira
cedric and eve and he's also launched
his own studio and streaming service
proving that you really can be totally
independent driven by more than just
money however his legacy is also one of
service in addition to his extensive
mentoring and financial support he
recently launched dash diabetes network
aimed at providing tips tools and
solutions for the tens of millions of
people actively battling with the
condition
so please
help me in welcoming the author of
culture vultures the groundbreaking
hip-hop impresario himself
dame dash
your life is about as easy as it comes
to make into an awesome intro what
you've done is astonishing and from a
terrifyingly young age
so what i want to talk about is you talk
about you have to be really strategic in
your movements yeah when did you start
planning your career and what does it
really mean to be strategic i mean i
started planning my career almost
the day i realized you know my name was
dame dash
like i was like with a name like that i
got to do something great
so i automatically started thinking
about what i could do that was great and
also measuring my competition
i think after my mother died when i was
15 you know it was like not only do i
want to survive i wanted to survive and
still live well
and my mom's taught me not to ever be
told what to do
so i knew that having a job or having
someone tell me what to do probably
wouldn't work for me
and i learned how to make money at a
fairly early age i ate off the land you
know whatever was available to sell i
sold and did it in the way where you had
to have a brand you had to be consistent
your quality of what you were selling
had to be good
you know but the end of the day was
quick money but it wasn't sustainable
because i saw the collateral damage that
came with it so then i started looking
for another plan you know what i'm
saying so how do i live like this
without the collateral damage without
the exposure something that's
sustainable for not only me for maybe
someone that i may want to love at some
point you know like having family
so when the music business presented
itself i was like i could do just that i
thought it would be easy but it wasn't
easy ended up being a lot of work but
you know with the right perspective and
learning how to monetize it correctly
and this is back in like 91 you know as
far as the music business goes if you do
it correctly you can monetize it for
life if you don't do it correctly it
could be very temporary so i had to get
my perspective together very early i
love that and i one of the things you
talk about a lot that i think is
insanely powerful is perspective
and those to me go hand in hand so
talking about perspective you've said
that i know every perspective from the
smart perspective to the dumb
perspective one why is that so important
and two how do you do that
okay so what i'm able to do is if i want
something i go into the future in my
brain which is powerful and i visualize
exactly what i want
so i'm there i'm in my future and then i
think about every single thing i need to
do to make that happen
and every single thing that could stop
that from happening and what i need to
avoid then i go right back
you understand what i'm saying like i
was just in the future thinking about
watching myself on my television network
so
because i do that that means i have to
think
what would be the worst case scenario
and then i have to think what would be
the best case scenario and then i
eliminate every single thing that i
think could happen which i call
architecting
and then i put everything and every
single attitude and person around me in
my vision that's gonna make me get to
what i want and also i try to get the
people around me to think about the same
exact vision so even inspire people and
all that energy is focused on one thing
that they can visualize in their head
then it becomes a tangible reality and i
know that to be a fact because it's
happened
it's a fact for me so i continue to do
that i know that anything i can imagine
i can make happen so i am really careful
about how small my thoughts are because
i don't feel like wasting time
in a 24 hour day
making this much
and i could spend the same amount of
time with the same amount of energy if i
architect it right i have this much and
with this much i can help so many more
people that i love
you understand what i'm saying so that's
how i look at all perspectives
it's the only way to prepare yourself
it's like when you you know when you box
you look at tape so you see where that
person punches that's one perspective
you look at it from another you might
want to fight from a left from right you
might want to fight from southpaw you
know it's just studying and the more
you're prepared
the easier your time is what i tell my
staff and everyone that works with me is
the more you care
the more you prepare
period and thinking is a part of that
you'd be surprised how many people are
scared to think
most of my arguments don't come from me
pushing somebody physically it's from me
pushing them to think about god damn you
don't want to think like that doesn't
eat like it's harder to run a [__]
mile than to think so why is it less
scarier to work out than to just think
and it doesn't take any physical effort
it's about a perspective
why are people so scared of the unknown
just because you don't know an answer
like google was so foreign to me up to a
couple years ago as surprising as that
may seem but raquel who's wifey for life
he remembers the moment that i was like
holy [__] i could find out everything
all this time
you know
all i would have had to do was look and
i would have seen how easy it was but
because it was unknown in the moment i
thought it was complicated how many
times do you get a remote control it
does three million things but just
because you don't know how you can't
figure it out you're like [__] all those
other things even though if you look at
it
it will make life a bit easier you've
reinvented yourself uh
an astonishing number of times i mean
it's really pretty crazy the number of
legitimate businesses you've founded how
do you go into each of those unknowns
and begin to make them make sense
first it has to inspire me it has to be
fun
it has to be something i'm dreaming
about you know what i'm saying
anything that i enjoy i figure out how
to monetize it's nothing that i've
started isn't something that i haven't
been a customer like i would not do
anything that i get paid for that i
wouldn't do for free
you understand what i'm saying sure so
just like we hear we talk we talking for
free if somebody would pay me 50 racks
to do it i'd do it too
but i'd also do it for free right so
i've been able to monetize talking
i've been able to monetize thinking
i've been able to monetize getting fresh
i've been able to monetize dancing
liking music
movies everything's entertaining
laughing
i i was able to really hit a certain
amount of success relatively early to
where it didn't make me say what i'm
gonna do next it just made me say
where's the next fun
i don't like being upset i don't like
being mad i only got mad for business
if it doesn't yield a profit it's a
waste of time being mad
emotion is not profitable really you
know what i'm saying unless it's
positive and it's love that comes but
like anxiety and all that other [__]
fear
i ain't got time for that [__] you talk
a lot about honor code it's all i know
talk to me about the growing up
relatively hard i mean at one point
you're selling crack that does not sound
like a stress-free life
but how do you how do you develop that
honor code how does that come about and
i watched um
on or up
so
walk me through how you were shaped in
that time period of your life being
around those people how they had a code
that they live by and it is influenced
your life massively
you know i i decided to hit the street
because i just wanted to buy a suzuki
they cost 10 000 and i didn't have a
license and my mother didn't want to buy
it for me because it wasn't legal so i
was like well i'm just going to get that
myself
and you know crack came up so i was
watching a lot of people my age have
things that adults had which gave them a
certain amount of independence like
if you're paying your own bills i don't
care how old you are no one can tell you
what to do
period
and that's what i tell anyone in my
children the minute you pay your own
bills all i can do is give you advice
but i can't control your environment
so
when i got to this place
the only way to survive
was honor and what i witnessed i admired
i admired the strength and honor because
honor isn't convenient
it's not i'm honorable when it's easy
honor comes when it's not easy that's
your definition that's the test that's
what defines you is when you have the
choice
to not be honorable and it would appear
that you'll get something and life may
be easier
and if you choose honor and you choose a
harder path but you know which you
really are and that's what that is all
day it's a test all day there's always
these shortcuts but the thing about
being in that life is
you make one mistake you die
you make one mistake you lose your life
in jail your freedom
you make one mistake
people you love get hurt like kidnapped
and tortured
so
logically speaking to survive that you
have to be honorable
and i saw the the things that the
honorable the respect that came with it
the strength that came with it and how
cool it looked i just didn't want to be
anything but that no matter what
and everyone that's practiced that my
friends 20 30 years later like in honor
up that's really my og that's really the
guy that taught me those principles
that's the voice i heard it from
and imagine 30 years later
him being able to say i told you be
honorable and you'll get this and it
happened for him it happened for me and
all the other people that have lived
honorably
so there's truth in believing and honor
and i can say it by experience
and i also can see the lack of honor
the things that i came up on that are so
different that how much people look the
other way
how many people actually fail that test
and the recourse of that
the unhappy life that comes with the
perception of being happy of looking
like you have more than you do or that
you're smarter tougher richer funnier or
anything
that you pretend you are and you're not
because
it tortures that person they all look
for and escape whether it's a drug or
any kind of addiction to just not face
and look in the mirror
to not to be able to
look at yourself in the mirror or take
that shower that must suck but i don't
know how that feels i know i feel to
have no conscience to look in the mirror
be alone and be like i'm real happy
about every single decision i
so you said once that you can see the
future and if we want to know just ask
you so
what is that ability so you've talked
about with visualization you project
yourself out to the life that you want
to live the thing you want to manifest
and all of that do you have a strategy
that you use for thinking through where
businesses and trends are going do you
have a strategy for how you want to
use your own time what you want to
envision how you get the most out of
that what is that process for you
so in life i just look at whatever
there's a demand for and as me as a
consumer because i usually represent the
masses because i feel like i'm a regular
guy with regular emotions and things
like that if i want it everyone will
want it if i like it everyone will like
it i just know i represent the masses
that's all but everything that's going
to happen in your future is going to be
dictated by what you do right now
so i'm always thinking about what the
[__] i'm doing in the future because it
doesn't matter about the past other than
to learn about not making the same
mistake in the future yeah define what
you consider wealthy wealth is happiness
completely is how much you laugh and how
much the people you love laugh and
that's really what love is how much time
you spend like sending money back to
somebody like a child it's not
considered love because kids don't care
about money i remember when i was a
child all i wanted for christmas was for
my parents
for my mom to get back with my dad
and i didn't i wasn't able to give that
to my any one of my children so i still
have work to do
you know
i haven't hit that wealthiness because i
haven't been able to take that most
important pain to a child
and take that away from my children i
[__] haven't broke that cycle that
would be wealth
if my children don't have to pick a side
if they don't have to watch us fight
if they don't have to
tune out because they don't want to hear
us argue
you know what i'm saying what's going to
be the secret there
what are you trying to get in the play
finding the right woman for the right
reasons
so it's great because i was ready really
able to recognize it in raquel but i was
like nah this time
i'm staying we're doing everything
together [__] all that she's i i enjoy
this too much
so
it's always looking at it from my kids
perspective my woman's perspective if i
think i've learned to take my eyeballs
out of my head and put it in theirs for
a second to see what they see and what
would make them comfortable over me
as a boss
your job is to think about your business
and your staff before you think about
yourself
it's the same thing a dad does or the
head of a family
so
i guess me being conscious of these
things at 47 being evolved enough to
take the time to
appreciate that
that's to me is wealth
you know uncompromised
great quality of living
like
i prefer not to have to live in a house
that's not big and all the luxuries that
i've worked so hard to get
but i think
every circumstance rockell has and i've
been in
we've been equally happy whether it's a
big house or a studio apartment but i do
think that
finding your other half
and appreciating that bond that you have
and and understanding the strength
because when you get in a relationship
regardless if you're the breadwinner or
not you still are equal
you know
there still has to be an equal amount
brought to the table
so it was just i had to find someone
that brought equal like with soul not
this you know perception but just in
your heart someone that is as kind as me
someone that knows how to look out for
people other than themselves like i do
finally i feel like i can give and also
pause receive as opposed to just give
and get smacked in the face all the time
which is you know generally what happens
i think the test and the reason why i
continually keep getting tested when
people keep treating me unfair is to see
if i will lose faith in people but i'll
never lose faith in people
i'll always try to invest in things and
people that inspire me regardless
because my agenda's not really the
robbery was just
i'm actually getting something out of it
so [__]
what are you getting it's pretty
interesting because you've had
experience the the experience like i
said if somebody makes a record
and it's a historic record and i was in
there while it was made how many people
would pay to be in the room with jimi
hendrix when he made you know purple
haze would you yeah i would
so i've been in that room a lot i've
been in the room people i got paid to be
in a room that people would pay to be in
while his history was made like you know
biggie smalls is a friend was a friend
of mine still is he said my name in raps
wouldn't you have paid for that
to be in the studio with biggie
or old dirty bastard
i was in the studio with them
or be in the studio with puff when he
wrote when when sauce wrote every step
eat the sting record
i was there there's so many historic
moments the money doesn't mean [__] it's
the experience
you've architected a lot of really
historic moments because of that there's
an entire generation of entrepreneurs
that follow you why do you think so many
people fail to make their dreams come
true what are they missing that you
figured out finishing
they think that it's supposed to be easy
they quit they don't look at things as a
learning experience they think they're
supposed to happen
in a day they don't understand that
building a brand means being consistent
what are three principles do you think
any entrepreneur has to have
number one they have to lead by example
and they have to work really hard they
have to know that their product is going
to be in competition with other products
unless it's a new product or an
invention but that means you have to
work either the product has to be as
good better or you have to have more
money to promote you know what i'm
saying like hustling on a crowded block
is really hard
and um i think courage
you know never looking at anything as a
failure unless you quit
an entrepreneur can't quit
you have to see it through you just
can't quit
you are a fascinating
person to really tease out and
understand how you think one thing that
i think sits is like a linchpin in all
of this somehow and i don't quite
understand it yet why did the death of
your mom affect you so much and exactly
how did it affect you
well number one at that age it was the
only thing i was scared of and it
happened
so once why did it scare you i mean
because it's what i love my mother more
than anything you know i was a kid that
went to camp and was homesick you know
when she went out and came home late i
would be like you know what she's all i
had my mom's you know i was the only
child
from my mom's so when she died you know
and for a child what more do you have to
be scared of right
so when she died i had faced my worst
nightmare so right there i was fearless
i just wasn't scared of nothing i just
felt like if anything happened to me i
would just get to my mom quicker and at
the time i had no kids so it wasn't
really like i had anybody to worry about
but me
but then also i was like but if i'm
gonna be on this planet i'm gonna have
to you know take care of myself just as
good as my mother took care of me so at
that point i had no choices
you know i had to make money to eat
you know i had to make money to to live
and and buy clothes
you know what i'm saying
there's no option either she was going
to make me great oh i was going to make
me great either way i was going to be
dang dash
so i took a lot of the responsibility
out of her hand and put it on my on
myself
in that moment and how did you make
yourself great
by uh by living by sustaining
by making children that i take care of
by making history by
consciously trying to evolve the culture
like making that
not like you know a buckshot or an
accident like it's like yo as i learn i
try to teach
you know even being conscious of the
mistakes i made when i was younger in
the way that you know i may have put the
wrong ideals
into the world by you know
you know saying it's cool to disrespect
women and pouring champagne on women's
heads like before this whole me too
movement happened
you know 10 years prior i apologize for
that [__] i've been feeling guilt since
i had daughters you know i'm saying i
was like oh my god
you know once you get daughters and
again logically you say
okay what would be the worst thing that
you know something someone could do it
and if you think about any of those
things that you may have done you're
like
if i've ever done anything to a woman
that i'd have to hurt someone that
they've done to my daughter then i
shouldn't be doing it and then logically
speaking who would suffer if i
disrespect women
my daughters
and then also the man that they see is
the man they're gonna want
what are some key elements of your honor
code that
one are just absolutely central to it
and that two if you could pass to the
culture in an instant
what would you pass
i mean if you have an agreement with
somebody if me and you have an agreement
i don't care what the rest of the world
looks at is bad or good we have to honor
our agreement
period so honor means that when you
agree and you guys have as men or a
professional
an adult
your word got to me more than anything
you know if you say you're going to do
something you got to do it
and that's what the street kind of was
you know it was like even though the
rest of the world doesn't believe in
certain things that were going on
there was this code you know no
snitching
you know no messing with your homies
girls
no serving anyone pregnant you know just
things that were
laws that were unwritten you know
but there was honor
honor means more than anything bro and
it protects you no matter what and i
could just say that based on my
experience there ain't no street [__]
that's just some real [__] the street
might like i'm a guy that maybe i need
to see some [__] up [__]
to learn honor and maybe that's the
reason why i was put in that situation
because once i learned honor i'd be able
to affect the rest of the world like you
never know why things happen
but that's about perspective right
you know
on one hand yeah my mom's died it broke
my heart but on the other hand it made
me great it's about perspective what i
learned from it how i choose to look at
it
you know
like sometimes i'll talk to somebody
and you know they'll be abusive and [__]
or they'll be drinking and i'll be like
you know what [__] you do all that
drinking why you so abusive oh my dad
was drinking he was abusive that's all i
know then you ask somebody else and
they're like a straight square they
don't drink and they're not abusive and
you'd be like
yo
how come you don't drink how come you're
not abusive no i saw my dad
it's just about perspective
and then that's how i look at things
with my pops i was like i know i'm a
good dad because everything he did i
didn't like i ain't doing to my kid i'm
not going to pass the cycle but you know
some people might look at and say i'm
just going to pass the cycle because you
passed it to me
perspective the book culture vultures
was
really fascinating but went way beyond
just going down the road of culture
vultures and seem to really talk about
your philosophies on life your
philosophies on business relationships
everything and there's a very
um clean through line at least for me as
a reader if you had to sum up the your
message about life what would you say
i mean you know
[__] my name is dame dash right
and uh
what does the dash in between the
beginning of when you
born you die that dash that's the life
that's your life so
i think
we're here to live we're here to learn
you know we're not here to be perfect
we're supposed to embrace all our
imperfections
and i think if we find and can imagine
the bright side in anything
that will become a reality
but you can't think anything's going to
be given to you other than opportunity
and the only way to show appreciation
for opportunity is to react
not to say thank you but to actually do
something
and not everyone gets opportunities
so i think appreciating those
opportunities is really important
because
the next time
those opportunities will not be
presented and i think every single day
for everybody
there's a lesson
there's a test
and if you don't pass the test you do
not move forward
you stay in the same place
and then that test becomes a little
harder and if you don't pass it again
you actually go backwards
and then instead of the test being in
front of you where you could look at the
test and sin back at you and it's
smacking the [__] out of you in the back
of your head and it hurts and it's
embarrassing
so i always advise people to look out
for those tests not the ones when people
are looking just when no one's looking
all right before i ask my last question
tell these guys where they can find you
online
well
i'm dusco poppington on ig
i'm launching a 24-hour television
network
so there's movies like honor up that
went out theatrically there's dr series
like anthony bourdain like but like me
going into different places with my crew
getting high and making music
but living lavish how cold we went to in
the season is jamaica but we've done
china and
thailand and all those different places
um
health is important to me
you know i'm 47 i'm diabetic i'm
veganish plant-based
raquel wifey for life he has a uh
a shell health as well where she shows
you how to be healthy without being
corny and um
you know there's the culture vultures
class and the q and a so there's
information and then there's the dash
diabetes network which talks about
again you brought it up i'm type one
since i was 15.
so again as i learn things i like to
teach and talk about perspective all
right my last question what is the
impact that you want to have on the
world
in the world
yes
i want to figure out what's going on
off of this planet
interesting like space travel
yeah i'm curious to know what what
happens if
we get that because we only got 12 of
our brain right
what happens if we got that other 80.
what's what are we not seeing you know
it just doesn't make sense to me that
we're the only people
in this universe
and it makes no sense to me that the
moon is where it's at like how
strategically placed it is like if it
wasn't exactly where it was at it
couldn't exist
i just i want to think about things that
that people don't think about you know
if you're asking me what answers i want
to give like i don't want to say some
[__] or discover something that's
already been discovered right so what's
the biggest mystery death
and outer space
and i'm not so
worried about death right now i'd rather
live
but i am curious to know i think if i
find out what's happening outside of
space i'll probably know what's going on
with death
but that's you ask me what i'm curious
about so do i if i could be known for
something
i'd probably get i'd like to be known
for you know something i just believe
that once we know what's really [__]
going on all these illogical things
we'll sort themselves out
but us fighting each other like being
adults and killing
and thinking that um
hate makes love is not logical hopefully
i can
be conscious
when certain things become revealed
you know i want to be able to be here
for that
when we get on that get get also get off
this planet like that that's you're not
curious about that
i'm very curious about that yeah and
like what do you think would happen if
we had access to the rest of our brain
well what do you think we'd see that we
don't i think the the honest answer
there is that we probably have
unconscious access to our brains already
i don't think that
it's that we're not using our brain i
think that our brain is largely under
subconscious control so there's
certainly something interesting i don't
know if you know wim hof but there's
something interesting about gaining
conscious control over the autonomic
nervous system well with that said
you know i always say like i know my
brain could do something
and i know
that the things i wanted to do i try to
make it do
but i just think there's some things
that we have no ability to even fathom
or understand
that even if our subconscious is
triggering it whatever is triggering we
can't see
like i believe that if there's a pers
there's a part of our brain that maybe
even a dog might see where like a whole
nother thing would be happening
you know it just has to be well if you
really want to [__] yourself up do you
know the double slit experiment in
quantum physics all right so this is
bananas so the double slit experiment is
a particle of light is both a wave and a
particle at the same time nobody knows
how that's possible but if you take a
slit with or a piece of metal with two
slits in it and you shoot a single
photon through it and it's gonna go
through either one of the slits if you
have a camera on it or both of the slits
if you don't have the camera on it so a
how it knows that there's a camera on it
i will never understand but it has to do
with quantum mechanics or basically
probabilities so
you're
you only collapse something down to an
actual definitive state by looking at it
by observing it so if you take this
single photon and you shoot it at it no
camera the interference pattern on the
back of the wall that you get it looks
like a wave meaning that it's going
through both slits if on the other hand
you put a camera on it then it goes
through one slit or the other it's so
crazy that that's true i literally can't
believe it so that's where a i'm not
smart enough to really grasp what's
going well that would probably be the
other part of your brain what well so is
it is there another part of my brain
that i could tap into maybe or am i just
not operating at that level i don't know
you wouldn't know we don't know but yeah
quantum quantum mechanics are insane is
it a lot of your brain is working you
see you know you got that [__] going
but uh that's what i i think like
something like that would be easy if we
here's it you should go you should look
at wim hof so wim hof is a guy that
claims he has control over his autonomic
nervous system so his um
immune system he can control it his body
temperature can control it people said
it's total [__] and he said put me
in a
bucket of ice like a gigantic bucket of
ice that he can stand up in fill it with
ice and measure my core temperature in a
scientific setting for two hours i think
he maintained his core body temperature
it's not possible people die at like 40
minutes
so
he says through this breathing technique
and practice he's been able to grab a
hold of his autonomic nervous system and
instead of
your core temperature will normally
lower but you can raise it if you can
increase essentially your metabolic rate
right so that you're kicking off heat i
don't even think he can by breathing he
has a class and he's gonna teach it yep
how he actually does it i'm not sure but
they even asked him to send the heat to
one hand which he can do
and they measured it here's where it
gets really [__] weird
is they he said i can also control my
nervous system they said [__] we're
going to inject you with an endotoxin
which is they used a form of e coli and
he said i'll shut it down i'll have no
reaction so they bring him into a
hospital under scientific conditions hit
this [__] with uh an endotoxin
and he shuts it down he doesn't get a
fever nothing how
so they're like you're just a genetic
freak what's his problem he has a class
i can't teach it he can in that moment
that they were shooting what was he
doing was he like
basically yeah so he does breathing
exercises leading up to it and then he
does breathing exercises through it how
he grabs a hold of using the breathing
techniques and cold exposure to actually
get a hold of the autonomic nervous
system i do not understand i haven't
taken the class yet but i plan to
but his whole thing was everyone's like
you're just a genetic freak so sure one
in uh you know nine billion people
he taught 12 more people to do it what
so they're like no one else can ever do
this in four days he taught 12 more
people to do it they injected them with
the same endotax and they all shut it
down you can take his blood me i am not
we had him on the show he'll give you a
vial of blood and up to four hours after
being taken out of his body it will
still squash an endotoxin that's
injected into it
that's so [__] crazy really let that
sink in for a second so this all started
because his wife committed suicide and
he was so bereft
he like couldn't fathom moving on with
his life and he finds himself staring at
this [__] pond that's frozen over
he's from amsterdam
and he's staring at this pond it's
frozen over and he said it was calling
to me and i just had to smash through
the ice and sit in the water he's like i
didn't know why i just had to do it so
he goes over breaks the [__] ice gets
in the water and of course it's insane
and it like he said it's like a thousand
stabbing needles and he sits in the
water and he trains himself to do it and
now he can sit in the water we have on
the spot training literally on the spot
just starts doing cold exposure putting
himself in water he's now set the record
for swimming
under ice covered sea water so when it
has salt in it and get below freezing so
the water is actually below freezing
even though it's liquid he's swamming it
his corneas froze so he goes blind ends
up having to be saved by a diver on his
first attempt his second attempt he
wears goggles is he having fun doing
this [__] he do you have to meet this
guy he's unbelievable but is it fun
being cool because i'm black i like
being in the house he's like
over-the-top fun but he'll tell you that
the actual moments of cold exposure hurt
and they suck but being able to control
your nervous system is unimaginably cool
he loves his life that's how i feel like
mushrooms like when you take mushrooms
and i could control myself from
that i'm not really having the real
interview why do you smoke weed
uh it it calms me down when people
aren't catching up is that that's not
the only reason
i saw you smoking would be real that's
not why you were smoking you like the
way it feels yeah so walk me through
that i hate it i hate it so much you
can't imagine because you get paranoid
that's mildly part of it the other part
is it makes me feel sluggish
i like being i mean that's the part that
i like
at times so if i have to get into like a
fight or something physical i prefer not
have to push through the fog
but sometimes the fog makes me relax
because i have so much anxiety and so
much i want to do
that a lot of you know it's hard for
people to kind of keep up
you know you talk so openly about
what i'll call traditional flaws
is that born of self-confidence like you
make no attempt to appear cool and there
is something in that that is very cool
but you don't
pose
posing is
not cool i just i just don't see the
reason for being mad about making
mistakes like i just i just
i don't know man i think i got yelled at
one time when i was four and i felt
embarrassed and i didn't like that
feeling
so i did what the guy did with the cold
i figured out how to never be
embarrassed you know what i'm saying
teach me how
you just don't give a [__] once you
don't give a [__] what people think like
logically speaking why would you care
about what someone's opinion is that you
don't love that doesn't love you that's
not even playing the same game you're
playing
that's only you know the only reason why
they have something to say is because
they're insecure
like i don't i just i don't see why i
would be concerned about some insecure
[__]
like i i think
one million lames combined cannot equal
one cool person
and meaning someone that's just honest
about who they are
like being it's not relatable it's not
realistic to think that anyone is
perfect and anyone that is is evil
because it's just not true
you know what i'm saying
and the good thing about imperfections
is what makes you cool is how you deal
with them that's what makes you cool
you know what i'm saying
so i've never been afraid to be wrong
i don't know
love that dane thank you so much half
your time it's amazing thank you
guys
this is somebody i'm telling you you're
going to want to dive into this man's
world it is absolutely extraordinary the
amount of advice that he puts out there
is just mind-boggling in the quantity
but the amount of it that is
life-changing that will become a part of
you somebody who speaks about having a
code of ethics and living by that having
honor and living by that knowing who you
are architecting your future knowing
what you want to do that he defines cool
as actually being yourself and not being
afraid to make mistakes all of that like
it is so powerful to adopt those things
in your own life and i was literally
mind boggled all i knew going into this
interview was the persona i knew him as
the brash cocky charismatic and ultra
successful hip-hop impresario i did not
know the soulful well-thought-out person
who has created his life brick by brick
to be exactly what he wanted bucking
trends when it didn't match with who he
wanted to be who he saw himself as and
the code of ethics that he talked so
much about it is extraordinary to see
somebody be that consistent with that
and he said that a brand is all about
consistency and if that is true the one
thing that this man is beyond consistent
on is he's never afraid to admit when
he's wrong and because of that he's
always evolving and i found it so
fascinating things have to either
monetize or evolve his soul
was not an answer that i expected it is
one i deeply respect
so i highly encourage you guys to dive
into his world wherever and whenever you
can you will not regret it it will
change you if you let it alright guys if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
and until next time my friends be
legendary take care
[Applause]
hey everybody thank you so much for
watching and being a part of this
community if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe you're going to get weekly
videos on building a growth mindset
cultivating grit and unlocking your full
potential